# CS624-PE01-Rashmitha
INPUT OUTPUT PROCESS MODEL
INPUT : Input is not required since we have actually wrapped the specific text content (Rashmitha, MSCS, and CityU of Seattle) within nested <text> which is a nested one. Also there is outer text in which uses the style and inner text is used to make text italic.Basically the content is predefined in the app.
PROCESS : The processing part includes a component that contains text elements styled according to the requirements of user.
OUTPUT : The output can be viewed on the screen of the mobile app where you it displays the name,degree program and school with the styling specified by user.

# CS624-PE02-RASHMITHA
INPUT OUTPUT MODEL FOR CORE COMPONENTS INPUT : The user launches the Core Components and then the app screen is displayed which has various user interface components. The user can perform the following actions in that app such as,user can enter a favorite course into the TextInput component. User can also view and scroll through a list of core, depth of study, and capstone courses displayed using the Text components. PROCESS :The CoreComponents component processes the data and displays it on the screen such as loads the icon.png image from the ./assets directory and displays it using the Image component and then it also handles user input in the TextInput component.Formats and displays the list of core, depth of study, and capstone courses using Text components. OUTPUT : The app display following things on the screen such as An image (icon.png) from the ./assets directory.A TextInput component for the user to enter their favorite course.A list of courses categorized as core, depth of study, and capstone, displayed using Text components.
